you're hiking in the wilderness looking
for a safe spot to set up camp
all you can hear are leaves and branches
cracking under your footsteps
some squirrels are running up a tree
over there but suddenly
something unexpected happens you notice
something weird in the distance in
between the trees
it kind of looks like a concrete
structure of some sort
weird at this point you're at least 20
miles deep in the woods
and there are no nearby towns or
villages as far as you know
so you decide to go off the trail with
your friends to get a closer look
but as you get nearer you realize that
it's actually
a 12 foot tall staircase and it's
leading to
nowhere hmm what's it doing there in the
middle of literally nowhere
and it doesn't even lead to anything you
put on your sherlock holmes cap
and investigate so maybe there used to
be an old house or mansion here
that collapsed over the years and the
only thing left is this staircase
but weirdly enough after circling the
bizarre structure
you realize there's no trace of any
ruins or even
foundations it's like someone just
sliced a staircase off their house
cake style and plopped it here for no
reason
okay you and your friends aren't really
into getting a whole lot closer
something feels wrong the longer you
look at this weird structure
the more you feel a super creepy
presence
something tells you you should probably
leave the area as fast as possible
you can't explain the feeling or take
your eyes off the creepy staircase
you take out your phone and snap some
pictures then
after a lot of hesitation you take a few
steps closer
and notice that the stairs don't seem to
be all that ancient
a few decades old at best there's moss
growing out from some cracks
your friends have had enough they ditch
you and run back off to the trail
leaving you alone on the staircase you
put your foot carefully on the first
step
wow adrenaline rush as you ascend to the
top
someone touches your shoulder you jump
and turn around
all you see is black as weird as this
sounds
discoveries of random staircases
illogically found in the woods
are surprisingly common some are made of
wood
others are bricks or stones some look
ancient while others
look like they were finished yesterday
the one thing they
all have in common they all lead to
absolutely nowhere
and they're all found in super
mysterious locations
one of the most famous ones is in
chesterfield new hampshire
a long medieval looking staircase made
of stones with roman arches in the
middle of the woods
it's believed to have been part of
madame antoinette sherry's castle
she was a big singer back in paris the
castle dates back about a hundred years
and it was later discovered again in
this time there was nothing but a
staircase
another mysterious ancient staircase
dates back to 9 000 years ago
it's in a forest in italy it looks like
a series of stairs that led to a tiny
platform at the top
why go through all the trouble of
building the thing if it leads to
nowhere well some experts think it could
have been
some sort of ritual tower but your guess
is as good as theirs
some of the more modern staircases found
in the woods
also have an added bonus they come with
their own
urban legends gee would that be a
two-story or
three-story staircase
one of the most popular stories comes
from the philippines
where a forest ranger called torkick
allegedly went out on one of his routine
patrols
to look for missing people deep in the
local jungle
that's where he claims he found some
seriously out of place stone staircases
they even had weird markings on them to
get a better look at what was around him
he decided to climb up one of them just
then
he was approached by a vicious stray dog
that forced him further up the stairs
a few hours later he came back to the
village only thing was
he had been missing for five years was
that staircase
a time traveling portal
another account allegedly dates back to
the 1940s
around the time of the roswell ufo
mystery a man who claimed to be a
scientist
was sent to assist in investigating one
of the many
animal related cases that kept popping
up
little did he know this one to two week
investigation
would end up lasting six months his team
encountered a random wooden staircase in
the woods
that seemed to emit some type of
frequency
they camped around 100 feet from it that
night but the next morning
it vanished all that was left was a
black burn mark where the staircase was
two days later it reappeared out of
nowhere
160 feet from its original location
the team wanted to get a sample of the
wood to send it off to the lab
there was one problem no matter how hard
they tried
it was impossible to chip off a piece
the wood from the staircase was
apparently
indestructible these weird mystery
stairs have been around since ancient
cambodia
right in the middle of the jungle is an
abandoned two thousand foot long
staircase
leading to yup nowhere according to
experts
this staircase was built about a
thousand years ago
they don't know for sure but they think
it led to an ancient city
sadly over the years that city is now
completely covered by the dense jungle
maybe it was an important meeting spot
for travelers and merchants
coming from all over the continent well
back to your story
you feel a strange presence behind you
you turn around
probably one of your friends snuck up on
you or something but then
you realize there was no one behind you
you're the only one around
you freak out something is definitely
wrong here
so you rush down the stairs and bolt
back to your friends
panting and startled you start to tell
your friends what happened
but they don't believe you they think
you're just trying to scare them even
more
but the emotion on your face it looks
legit
there's real panic in your eyes the kind
you just can't fake
shadow or wind or whatever that thing
was your fear is
real you all agree that you should stay
away from the stairs
and it's probably best if you go back
home right now
i guess camping out there overnight just
wasn't meant to be
as soon as you get home you open your
phone and check out your gallery
but no you scroll through photo after
photo
the staircase it isn't there none of the
pictures have any staircases in them
just a small flat clearing with nothing
but trees around
no weird shadows nothing your friends
have the same experience
your eye twitches and you look over your
left shoulder
you're in the safety of your own home
but you suddenly feel the same presence
you felt on that staircase
oh no everything goes black
but you can relax most of these stories
are just urban legends
told to give you the heebie-jeebies the
internet has a way of spreading rumors
faster than the speed of light most of
these stairs
might have even been built on purpose
just recently
one weekend wood shop project a couple
of photos
and you too could be a sensation on
every urban legend website
then you just tear it down take a photo
to show it magically disappeared
and just like that you're an internet
superstar
but let's say you find some real stairs
on your weekend camping trip
they're most likely the remnants from an
old house or a cabin that got demolished
or just
collapsed after it was abandoned hey
it's 2021
there's a logical explanation for just
about everything these days
that presence you felt was most likely
your own mind playing
tricks on you when you see something in
real life
that looks like something you saw on a
website or scary movie
your mind starts to work overtime and
you can actually see something or
feel something that's not even there
that's what some people say happens when
you get hypnotized
you want to see something so bad and you
do
that's probably what happened or was it